Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager 1020.1.13 (#2301)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1020.1.13-fixed-asset-creation-issue-after-importing-sample-asset-models.md

---

> date: ""

Reviewer: date seems to be missing

> title: "Fixed asset creation issue after importing sample asset models"

Reviewer: Proposing Title : "Imported sample asset models now display full hierarchy correctly"

Reviewer 2: Modified it to: Asset hierarchy correctly shown in New asset page after importing a sample asset model

> title: "Fixed asset hierarchy issue after importing sample asset models in new asset page"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
title: "Asset hierarchy correctly shown in New asset page after importing a sample asset model
```

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-VSkj2iV9m"
      label: "Fix"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-1509"
version: "1020.1.13"
---

> Previously, after importing a sample asset model, in **New asset** page, the asset hierarchy was incomplete when the sample asset model was selected. With this change, users can now view the entire hierarchy of the selected asset model.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Previously, after importing a sample asset model in the **New asset** page, the asset hierarchy was incomplete when the sample asset model was selected. With this change, users can now view the entire hierarchy of the selected asset model.
```

> Previously, after importing the sample asset model, the hierarchy was not displayed correctly when creating an asset for the associated asset model. With this change, users can now view the complete hierarchy of the selected asset model.

Reviewer: Proposing this description "Previously, importing sample asset models sometimes resulted in an incomplete asset hierarchy during creation. This fix ensures the entire asset hierarchy is correctly displayed after importing sample asset models, enabling users to accurately create new assets."

Reviewer 2: Modified it to : Previously, after importing a sample asset model, in **New asset** page, the asset hierarchy was incomplete when the sample asset model was selected. With this change, users can now view the entire hierarchy of the selected asset model.

Reviewer: It's not a change but a fix. I would then suggest correcting this in the last line, "With this fix, users can now view the entire hierarchy of the selected asset model correctly."
